Added Chromatic Aberration Doc (#1433)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/components/reference/atom/chromatic-aberration.md

---
linkTitle: Chromatic Aberration
title: Chromatic Aberration Component
description: Open 3D Engine (O3DE) Chromatic Aberration component reference. 
toc: true
---

> The **Chromatic Aberration** component creates *Chromatic Aberration*, a post-processing effect that simulates the failure of a lens to focus all colors to the same point.

Reviewer: Using the word failure here might suggest this a a bad thing to users who aren't familiar with this concept, as opposed to a visual effect that is sometimes desired.

```suggestion
The **Chromatic Aberration** component is a post-processing effect that simulates a lens that focuses different wavelengths of light at different points, creating fringes of color around edges in the image.
```

> 

Reviewer: Removing some whitespace
```suggestion
```

## Provider

[Atom Gem](/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/rendering/atom/atom)

> 

Reviewer: Removing some whitespace
```suggestion
```

## Dependencies

[PostFX Layer component](./postfx-layer)

> 
> 

Reviewer: Removing some whitespace
```suggestion
```

## Chromatic Aberration properties

> 

Reviewer: Need interface image here.

| Property | Description | Value | Default |
| - | - | - | - |
| **Enable** | If enabled, activates the effect. | Boolean | `Disabled` |
| **Overrides - Enabled Override** | If enabled, all component properties will be set to the values specified in the **Overrides** property group. | Boolean | `Enabled` |
| **Strength** | Controls the magnitude of the color displacement.  | Float: 0.0 - 1.0 | `0.01` |

> | **Blend** | Scales the blending of the effect with the original image, i.e. reduces sharpness. | Float: 0.0 - 1.0 | `0.5` |

Reviewer: Suggest avoiding Latin and abbreviations per the style guide.

```suggestion
| **Blend** | Scales the blending of the effect with the original image which reduces the sharpness of the effect. | Float: 0.0 - 1.0 | `0.5` |
```
